content/en/about.md, before:

---
title: About us
url: "/about/about-us/"
---

Open Source initiatives within organizations face many challenges, such as:

* Educating developers to good open source practices
* Building policies and infrastructure around the open source projects that matters to them
* Ensuring high-quality and frequent releases
* Engaging with developer communities
* Contributing back to other projects effectively

Overall, organizations need some guidance to start and keep advancing in
their [OSPO Journey](https://linuxfoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/LFResearch_OSPO_Report.pdf).

The community and [General Members](/members) of this group are committed to working together in order to overcome these challenges. We will be sharing experiences, developing best
practices, and working on common tooling. But we can’t do this alone. If you are willing to advance in your open source journey, we welcome you to [join the community](/community).
Organizations with an established OSPO or similar open source initiative, can also [support](/join) TODO becoming General Members.

{{< todo_presentation >}}

Commit message:

change todo content and structure to drf content and structure

content/en/about.md, after:

---
title: About us
url: "/about/about-us/"
---

The Developer Relations Foundation is an open community of practitioners who aim to elevate the professional practice of developer relations.

This initiative stems from a shared passion for DevRel and the recognition that the profession faces persistent challenges, such as a lack of clarity and difficulty in measuring impact. Despite significant growth in resources and organizations addressing these issues, these resources are fragmented. Our goal is to **create an inclusive, community-driven entity that formally defines DevRel practices, addresses common challenges with best-in-practice resources, and attracts both individuals and organizations’ decision-makers**.

##  Why a Foundation?

The major benefit of a foundation is that it promotes participatory governance, preventing any single company from monopolizing a collaborative project. Specifically, a foundation ensures:

- Community-driven Governance: Projects are managed by the community for the community, with contributions reviewed and accepted based on merit.

- Open Source: Contributors can use the project's resources without fearing sudden changes in licensing or direction.

- Impartiality: contributions to the content and direction are accepted based on their community value, regardless of their impact on any particular vendor.

A foundation aims to be a trusted, credible, and expert resource, similar to professional bodies in other fields, providing training, certification, continuing education, and advocacy.

 > For more information, please read the foundation [charter](https://github.com/DevRel-Foundation/governance/blob/main/Technical_Charter_v1.0.adoc).
